now Darrin I'm holding a glove so
obviously we're going to be looking at a
glove is another product that you about
to release to the market tell me a bit
about this glove this glove here we're
really looking for a lightweight and
they're very much a comfortable glove
for the PWC Rider we've looked closely
at the motocross industry and we wanted
to bring those types of innovations to
the PWC consumer so we've created the
new phantom glove that is more of a
lighter weight and more of a comfort fit
for therefore the driver the grips on
the ski these days are quite hard so
we've created these impact inks as well
these super grip super tech inch here
that really help you hold on to the bars
and the nice lycra gussets inside the
thing is to also give you that comfort
fit that you're looking for so your
hands really get weathered on a
watercraft you're beating into the Sun
and the wind all day and if you've got a
good fitting glove it does make the day
more enjoyable we also want the gloves
to hold up so we have put in built-in
panels as they do rub against the edge
in the throttle controls and things like
that that you'll get a longer use how to
be loved we focused also on a wrist
velcro strap to give people that
additional reason to tighten up in that
area as well I remember starting as a
young guy riding a watercraft I'd take
my whole motocross clubs and adapting
obviously this is taking the technology
to another level is it
yeah the fabrics that we utilize work
really well in and out of the
water so it can be used as a
multi-purpose glove if you wish to we
are primarily building it so it can go
in and out of saltwater and every time
it dries you go to reuse it it doesn't
feel like cardboard
so the fabrics we are utilizing here
will remain nice and soft and flexible
over its long period of time having worn
these gloves for a little while I do
find them better in in regards to wind
and making sure your fingers are warm
but we need a guava strains fairly well
because we don't wanna be carrying the
excess weight in their hands and these
drain yeah the new material that we've
put on the top surface on the Appa
actually doesn't retain water in any way
and the like regards also allow the
water to seep out as well we are excited
about the new Phantom glove when were
these bumps be released to the market
are these clubs will they absolutely out
normos are great fantastic well thanks
to that very good information in regards
to gloves and make sure you look out for
these in the jet pilot stores